When you came and I came to pick you up
I heard from Aunt Zhang that something happened to you
Sorry I'm late.
Xiao Zhou is here
Your wife and mother-in-law hurt someone
How do you want to solve this matter?
You think you have a few stinky money
Can you do whatever you want?
Arrived at the police station
Even if you are a dragon, you have to be coiled for me
Now you have to apologize to me and the military and civilians
To kneel if I don't agree
Since you are shameless
Don't blame me for teaching
Li Chen, do you want to teach me a lesson?
Go check it out I dare not I I didn't mean that
This is all a misunderstanding
Misunderstanding
Misunderstanding to lock up us innocent people
Enter the detention center
Send me to jail
Sorry brother and sister
I want to laugh
It won't happen again.
Li Shen, you have been suspended
Wait for the above to investigate you.
Go to the police I was wrong I I don't dare anymore
I'm not the one you should apologize to
Brother Zhou
I was wrong. I shouldn't have lied
Just give me a chance
Treat me like a fart, okay?
roll
Let's come in and talk
Li family burglary
Take my daughter
Hit my mother-in-law
He threatened them.
I hope Director Li can handle it impartially
Student Zhou, you can't do this
Have you forgotten?
Zhou Tingting is my daughter-in-law of the Li family
Are you for this fox
Don't you even care about your sister?